docs: Reference `@sentry/migr8` in migration docs (#8942)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: MIGRATION.md

# Deprecations in 7.x

> You can use [@sentry/migr8](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-migr8) to automatically update your SDK usage and fix most deprecations:

Reviewer: Should we link to the npm package instead? The npm page always has the correct docs and stuff.

Author: sounds like a good idea! 

```suggestion
You can use [@sentry/migr8](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/migr8) to automatically update your SDK usage and fix most deprecations:
```

```bash

> npx @sentry/migr8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npx @sentry/migr8@latest
```

This is usually a good idea for these wizard type things. You don't want users to run a cached version.
